---
title: "Let Me Introduce Myself"
date: 2022-06-10 19:25
---
<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 -->
Where did the name Markojudas come from and what does it mean? Well, it doesn't really mean anything; I just thought it sounded pretty (heavy) metal. My birthname is Jose Hernandez. The handle Markojudas stands for <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Mark_of_the_Judas" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"><strong>The Mark of the Judas</strong></a>, a great metal album from the early 2000's from the band <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Darkest_Hour_(band)" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"><strong>Darkest Hour</strong></a>. The perfect mix of heavy metal obsession, teenage agnst, and AOL's AIM created the handle and it has been my internet ID since.

I hail from the caribbean island Dominican Republic but I've called South Florida (Miami/Hialeah) my home since the tender age of 15 (now 37). I hold a bachelor's degreen in psychology since 2009 from Florida International University. If I'm honest, I obtained this degree from fear. I was struggling very much on my classes because my heart (and with crappy attitude) wasn't in it. I feel as if I was doing it all to please my parents (and not hear their disappointment of not obtaining an university degree). Originally I was thinking of getting a Computer Science degree but decided for a path that had the least math. Now, as a full-on adult, 10 years later I finally decided to go back to school for my true passion, computers and technology. My semester started Spring 2020 and, since I had all pre-reqs done from my previous degree, I was able to jump right into the Computer Science program. Spring 2022 I graduated Suma Cum Laude (4.00 GPA). I loved every second of it.

I am basically married to a great partner who has been the inspiration to better myself and has been my #1 fan from the start, along with a 14 year old step-kid, who is brilliant. I need to be the best for them. This journey has just started and I will try to document every step of my learning journey here.

Well, today's Friday and the end of a tough work week (Claims Adjuster) and trying to learn Static Site Generation + Web Dev with Go, so I am going to sign off and spend some quality time doing nothing.
