---
title: Drop by drop...
date: 2022-07-18 09:13
---

<!-- markdownlint-disable -->

I have finally finished the Web Development with Golang Udemy Course. The instructor was one of the best instructors I have encounter and despite the videos being pre-recorded the information provided was great! I believe I know have tools to move further on this path. I had to read documentation as some of the technologies discussed were deprecated, i.e., the driver for MongoDB. The fact the course was done on Windows but I was following it on a linux environment (Fedora 36) forced be to learn how to set-up these technologies (especially MySql, PostgreSQL, and MongoDB); albeit not sure if I'm applying best practice (that will be determined when I take courses for these specific topics). The last module was pretty neat in were we created a full web app for a bookstore using MongoDB and Go. The driver used on the videos is no longer supported so I had to recreated it using the officially supported driver for Go. That made me feel pretty cool! since I managed to do it by just following the documentation.

I have also completed over the weekend the LeetCode's Study Plan LeetCode 75/Level 1. This study planned consisted of 2 daily problems for 15 days. These problems are, supposedly, common interview questions ranging form "Easy" to "Medium" level questions. This experience proved that I need a little more practice with Data Structures and Algorithm. It also proved that Go might not be the best language to use for interview questions - I believe Java is still better given that it comes with some Data Structures already implemented (see LinkedLists, Stack, Queue, etc...); Python would also be a great choice of a programming language due to the syntax. I will be now study more about SOL (Mysql and PostgreSQL) and nonrelational databases like MongoDB, AND getting more familiar with Python for the sake of practical interviews. The fact that I had to implement a stack, queue, and linkedlists with Go helped me understand those structures better while getting more familiar with this programming language - I love Go!.

However, I think I'm deserving of a little break for now - just for a couple days - to let this information sink in. I will be applying to more jobs now, though.

Drop by drop the bucket is filled...

Your's truly,

Jose Hernandez
