---
title: Updates - Part Two
date: 2022-07-03 17:37
---

<!--markdownlint-disable  -->

This weekend has been quite productive. I have been able to accomplish what I have set myself to do. The `About Me` and `Skills & Projects` pages have been created and added to my site. I have started the LeetCode's study plan LeetCode 75 and finished the first 2 days. I have added a solution text file for some of the problems because the algorithm is not "that straight forward" and I fear that I might forget it. The pending items in the TODO List are: Revise my resume and apply to at least 10 job openings. Tomorrow is the 4th of July which means I have tomorrow off, I will be able to complete everything by tomorrow.

Despite the above, I have been very pensive the last few days. A good friend of mine asked me a question and I was not able to answer. **"What do you do for fun?/What are you passionate about?**. The last 2 years I have been consumed by school and work. Taking Udemy courses, learning about cybersecurity, messing around VM and Linux, and reading programming books has become my hobby, I guess. That made me sad. I have neglected my actual hobbies and even my physical health. Sooner than later, I will have to rejoin a gym to gain back some sort of conditioning and lose some weight - with the goal to go back to the mats (BJJ). I need to make time to play and actively practice guitar and even try to record little clips or a full on song(s). I do not want to lose myself.

Yours in thoughts,

Jose aka Markojudas
