---
title: Ctrl + .
date: 2023-02-15 08:15
---
<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
<p>I'm currently half way into the 2nd week on my Intro Programming course at Progressive. I cannot believe I am getting paid to learn! Can it get any better than this? This all has been a bit overwhelming but twice as enlightening. I have learned so much this last few days about . NET and C#. The emphasis of loose coupling has never been clearer and how to architect our code to promote it. Basically, we as developer cannot assuming some systems that out of our control are functional (or not). To test and and make sure our application behaves as we wish, whether or not those systems are functional, we can create MOCK/Stub variables using the MOQ package (installed through the NuGet package manager). We can access NuGet packages directly through Visual Studio or with:</p>

    dotnet add package <Package-Name>

<p>We had this example with the system clock. A quick overview of the example was that of bank account, where if we deposit at a certain time we get a bonus. We created a class which implements a custom Interface. We then created a mock and informed the application that when we construct a bankaccount to always use an object that implements that interface with our desire "settings". That way we can test the application regardless what time it really is!</p>

<p>We have started studying Angular and make it interact with an API written in C#/. NET! I finally know what CORs is! (Cross-Origin Resource Sharing). It's a security measure of browsers to make sure the system accepts request from an outside system. Example: localhost:4200 makes a GET request to localhost:1337. While learning Angular I have gotten a clearer view on Observables. Basically it's an object that, if subscribed will trigger another thing. I still need to read up a bit more on this.</p>

<p>This coming weekend I will review everything and try to make write ups lest I forget all of this....</p>

Jose, 
